[docs] remove early access notes from T&D (#29982)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/release_notes/upgrading_to_destinations_v2.md

To see more details and examples on the contents of the Destinations V2 release, see this [guide](understanding-airbyte/typing-deduping.md). The remainder of this page will walk you through upgrading connectors from legacy normalization to Destinations V2.

> Destinations V2 were in preview for Snowflake and Bigquery during August 2023, and lauched August 29th, 2023. Other destinations will be on or before November 1st, 2023.

Reviewer: nit: other destinations will be what?

- [Rolling back to Legacy Normalization](#oss-only-rolling-back-to-legacy-normalization)

:::info

> If you were a Destinations V2 "Early Access" user, you will still need to opt-into the latest connector version. However, you will not experince the data migration and syncs will contuie to work as they have been since the "early access" period began.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you were a Destinations V2 "Early Access" user, you will still need to opt-into the latest connector version. However, you will not experience the data migration and syncs will continue to work as they have been since the "early access" period began.
```
